feat: all backends support making them as read-only (#2705)
mozilla/sccache: docs/Azure.md

You can also define a prefix that will be prepended to the keys of all cache objects created and read within the container, effectively creating a scope. To do that use the `SCCACHE_AZURE_KEY_PREFIX` environment variable. This can be useful when sharing a bucket with another application.

> The `SCCACHE_AZURE_RW_MODE` environment variable can be set to `READ_ONLY` to make the server read-only. The default is `READ_WRITE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SCCACHE_AZURE_RW_MODE` environment variable can be set to `READ_ONLY` to make sccache use this backend in read-only mode. The default is `READ_WRITE`.
```
no ?
